# Grace Hopper Conference

I was able to be a part of the 2019, 2020, and 2021 Grace Hopper Conference. The Grace Hopper Conference is an annual conference which brings together women from all around the world to share technological innovations. Due to Covid-19, the 2020 and 2021 conference were turned to an online experience, but in 2019, I had the fortunate opportunity to travel to Florida for an in-person experience.

At Grace Hopper, initially, I found the conference really daunting. The conference was large; there were crowds of participants. However, I quickly learned that many of the participants there displayed empathy, passion, and compassion. Any interaction led to a great conversation, where I was able to learn about their own story and be inspired by their journey. As a young aspiring engineer, I was able to receive advice that I would have never been able to come across before. 

In addition, through networking and sharing my passion for certain technologies or passions, I was invited to events where I could privately meet engineers. Certain companies hosted events where they would invite participants so they could learn more about the company and talk to their employees directly. This was an interesting experience, because I could ask more personal questions and have deeper conversations with them. I could learn more about the company's values, their mission, and also the effort they were making in order to close the gender gap in the technology industry. In addition, the best part was being able to meet more female engineers. They had stories I could relate to on a personal level, and as a result, they were able to offer so much advice and inspiration. 

The Grace Hopper Conference made me realize that I am not alone. Sure, many of the participants gathered together because they were female and could share that experience. However, the most commmon interest that brought everyone together was because of their passion for technology. No matter what adversity they faced, they were able to persevere because they loved technology. Whether it be engineering or product design, they wanted to make an impact on the world through their contribution towards technology, building products and systems that could make a difference. I found this to be most inspiring; it encouraged me to constantly look back towards my initial spark in technology and continue that passion.